Change the default setting of the generic writer to RNTuple when `PODIO_DEFAULT_WRITE_RNTUPLE` is set (#784)
AIDASoft/podio: doc/root.md

# ROOT Support in Podio

Podio supports ROOT file I/O through multiple backends in both C++ and Python
for ROOT TTrees and ROOT RNTuples. Below are the recommended approaches for
reading and writing these files, as well as additional notes to guide usage.

## C++

Podio provides generic and format-specific I/O interfaces for ROOT files.

### Reading

The preferred way to read any ROOT file is with the generic reader factory:

```cpp
#include <podio/Reader.h>

auto reader = podio::makeReader(filename);

> auto events = reader.getEvents();

Author: Yeah I wanted to get an event, I'm not sure why I put that, now it should be a Frame

```

> Here, `filename` can also be a vector of strings, allowing you to read multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `filename` can also be a vector of string or [POSIX glob pattern](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/glob.7.html) (on platforms supporting `glob.h`), allowing you to read multiple
```
Do we want to mention globbing here?
